c:\users\comp18\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SMK Nusantara\SMK Nusantara\bin\Debug\SMK Nusantara.exe.config
c:\users\comp18\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SMK Nusantara\SMK Nusantara\bin\Debug\SMK Nusantara.exe
c:\users\comp18\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SMK Nusantara\SMK Nusantara\bin\Debug\SMK Nusantara.pdb
c:\users\comp18\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SMK Nusantara\SMK Nusantara\obj\Debug\SMK Nusantara.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\comp18\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SMK Nusantara\SMK Nusantara\obj\Debug\SMK_Nusantara.Forms.FrAdminNav.resources
c:\users\comp18\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SMK Nusantara\SMK Nusantara\obj\Debug\SMK_Nusantara.Forms.FrmLogin.resources
c:\users\comp18\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SMK Nusantara\SMK Nusantara\obj\Debug\SMK_Nusantara.Forms.FrStudentNav.resources
c:\users\comp18\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SMK Nusantara\SMK Nusantara\obj\Debug\SMK_Nusantara.Forms.FrTeacherNav.resources
c:\users\comp18\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SMK Nusantara\SMK Nusantara\obj\Debug\SMK_Nusantara.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\comp18\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SMK Nusantara\SMK Nusantara\obj\Debug\SMK Nusantara.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\comp18\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SMK Nusantara\SMK Nusantara\obj\Debug\SMK Nusantara.exe
c:\users\comp18\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SMK Nusantara\SMK Nusantara\obj\Debug\SMK Nusantara.pdb
c:\users\comp18\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SMK Nusantara\SMK Nusantara\obj\Debug\SMK_Nusantara.Forms.FrEditProfile.resources
c:\users\comp18\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SMK Nusantara\SMK Nusantara\obj\Debug\SMK_Nusantara.Forms.FrChangePassword.resources
c:\users\comp18\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SMK Nusantara\SMK Nusantara\obj\Debug\SMK_Nusantara.Forms.FrManageStudent.resources
C:\Users\comp18\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SMK Nusantara\SMK Nusantara\obj\Debug\SMK_Nusantara.Forms.FrManageTeacher.resources
C:\Users\comp18\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SMK Nusantara\SMK Nusantara\obj\Debug\SMK_Nusantara.Forms.FrManageClass.resources
C:\Users\comp18\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SMK Nusantara\SMK Nusantara\obj\Debug\SMK_Nusantara.Forms.FrManageSchedule.resources
C:\Users\comp18\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SMK Nusantara\SMK Nusantara\obj\Debug\SMK_Nusantara.Forms.FrFinalizeSchedule.resources
C:\Users\comp18\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SMK Nusantara\SMK Nusantara\obj\Debug\SMK_Nusantara.Forms.FrTeachingSchedule.resources
C:\Users\comp18\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SMK Nusantara\SMK Nusantara\obj\Debug\SMK_Nusantara.Forms.FrViewSchedule.resources
C:\Users\comp18\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SMK Nusantara\SMK Nusantara\obj\Debug\SMK_Nusantara.Forms.FrEntryScore.resources
C:\Users\comp18\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SMK Nusantara\SMK Nusantara\obj\Debug\SMK_Nusantara.Forms.FrInputScore.resources
C:\Users\comp18\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SMK Nusantara\SMK Nusantara\obj\Debug\SMK_Nusantara.Forms.FrViewScore.resources
C:\Users\comp18\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SMK Nusantara\SMK Nusantara\obj\Debug\SMK_Nusantara.Forms.FrReportScore.resources
